late indoor lights before electric
lights and switches people with their
homes of candles and oil lamps these did
not give much light people cannot leave
a candle to burn on its own they have to
cut the wick off every half an hour to
stop it from smelling nasty then
somebody invented a new kind of oil lamp
which was much brighter people did not
need to get up all the time to trim its
wick the first gas lights were just
holds an iron pipes the pipes came into
each room from outside later gas pipes
were led into specially made lamps gas
lighting was even brighter than electric
lighting when gas lamps had something
called a mantel fixed into them
the first electric lamp looked a bit
like a glass banana with a fret inside
of it this bread became so hot when L
Jersey went through that it shone